-I've been watching your show.
This season, it's fantastic.
I've been noticing that
you've been getting a lot
of the presidential candidates
on your show.
-Yeah.
I mean, well, there's 23 people
running to be president.
-That's true.
[ Laughter ]
-It's like they're going
to trickle in
on your show at some point.
There's a guy named Tom Steyer
running for president.
-Sure.
[ Laughter ]
-Does anyone know
who Tom Steyer is?
He's not your high school
guidance counselor.
This is, like, a --
-That's not Tom Steyer.
-He's a billionaire and yet
no one knows who he is.
[ Laughter ]
That kind of defeats the purpose
of being a billionaire.
[ Laughter ]
He really messed it up.
You could have just bought
your way for us to know that,
but I guess not.
-Yeah.
-You know, Bernie is going to be
on the show this week.
-Oh, that's good too.
-And we filmed with him
the same day.
We shot with him last week
and he was on the show
with you last week.
-Yeah, he came on our show.
-Yeah, and he sat down and he's
like, "Hasan, I got to go,"
and I was like, "Why?"
And he's like, "I got to go play
basketball with Jimmy Fallon."
And I'm like, "You sure, Bernie?
You're going to play basketball
with --"
"Yeah,
I'm going to go shoot hoops,"
and I'm like, "Are you?"
and he did.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[ Laughter ]
-I just thought grandpa
was just talking about --
[ Laughter ]
-After seeing everybody here,
do you have an endorsement?
Are you endorsing anyone
for president?
[ Laughter ]
-Are you going to put me
on the spot like that, Jimmy?
-I'm not putting you
on the spot like that.
Yeah, I mean, why not?
I already wished you
merry Christmas.
I mean --
[ Laughter ]
-A "Tonight Show" exclusive.
Let's do it.
You guys ready?
-Drumroll.
[ Drumroll ]
-In the 2020 election,
I, Hasan Minhaj,
endorse...Kamala Harris!
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go.
[ Trombone note plays ]
-No, no, I'm sorry.
-For the people.
-No, no, Hasan.
No, she dropped out of the race.
She dropped out.
She's not running.
-Dude.
[ Laughter ]
We're a weekly show.
We're not daily.
I haven't caught up yet.
[ Laughter ]
-No, I'm sorry to tell you this.
-Are you serious?
-I'm sorry to tell you this.
-Dude, Jimmy, she had
the whole package.
-Well, yeah. What?
-Her father is Jamaican.
Her mother is Indian.
She managed to do the one thing
every Indian dude wishes
they could do.
Be black.
[ Laughter ]
She did it.
She nailed it.
-Yeah.
No, she dropped out.
[ Laughter ]
-Oh, my God. You guys.
-Yeah, sorry, Hasan.
Oh, my gosh.
You're getting yourself
in so much trouble on camera.
-I got so much swag
and everything.
-You got swag.
Well, you had
Andrew Yang on your show.
-He's not black.
You know that.
[ Laughter ]
-No, no, but what I'm saying --
No, he's Asian.
-Yeah, but we went to
Chinatown last week for the show
and we just wanted to see
how young millennial voters,
you know, interacted
with Andrew Yang.
-Alright.
We have a clip.
Everyone take a look
at this clip here.
Hasan Minhaj and Andrew Yang.
-Do you know who he is?
-No.
-That's fine, but do you know
who this is?
-Yeah, I know who that is.
[ Laughter ]
-Would you be interested
in the nation's
first Asian-American president?
-Hell yeah. Hell yeah.
I'm Asian, right?
-So, you would vote
for that person for sure?
-Yeah.
-Like, no doubt?
-Yes.
-Well, you're looking at him.
This is --
-Really?
-You're kidding?
-He's been doing literally
every interview
and press highlight
he possibly could.
[ Laughter ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
-He's a good sport.
-Andrew's a good sport.
-You know what I like about him?
This is what I love
about Andrew Yang, right?
Every politician is coming in,
and they're talking about
confusing concepts
and we all think
that we know them,
like "Oh, yeah,
tax reform, Syria, tariffs,"
and he's like,
"Who wants a thousand dollars?"
[ Laughter ]
-Yeah, that's his thing.
-Yeah, man.
-Who wants a thousand dollars?
-You want a thousand dollars
a month,
just take this liberty bribe.
Universal basic income
is basically
just allowance for adults
and he just cut right through.
-Yeah.
But what would you do if you
were running for president?
How would you simplify it?
-Dude, I got it right here, man.
[ Laughter ]
Alright. Look, here's the thing.
You guys don't carry around
your policy positions
with you in your pocket?
[ Laughter ]
-I'm going to start.
-You got to simplify and have
broad appeal to everybody.
Now, we're in America.
America loves bans.
We love religious bans,
ethnic bans, soda bans.
So the first thing you got --
-Oh, bans.
-Yeah, you got to ban stuff.
-Okay, sorry I thought
you meant bands.
-No, no, no, we like them,
but not as much as
like, "Muslim ban."
Like, that's what --
-Banning.
-Okay, first ban.
[ Laughter ]
This is America, you guys.
First ban, no stickers on fruit.
Cut it out.
-Yeah! I told you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I totally agree.
I totally agree with you.
-Bite into an apple.
I know it's an apple.
Have a banana,
I don't need to know
where it's from.
I know it's a banana.
-Yeah, I love bananas.
-The second ban, no visors.
Cut it out, visors.
Are you a hat
or are you eyewear?
Make up your mind.
You can't be
in headwear purgatory.
-Okay.
-That's the second ban.
Third ban, celery, you're done.
Celery is done.
-What?
-What is -- Okay, celery has to
be like, "Oh, I'm cool.
I hang out with peanut butter."
[ Laughter ]
What do you bring
to the table, celery?
-Interesting. Okay.
I see what you're saying.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Okay, I see what you're saying.
-You have to be paired with --
oh, no, no,
but the buffalo wings are here.
No, no, no, celery.
What are you about?
-Okay, gotcha.
-Celery's done.
[ Laughter ]
Dave and Buster's.
Both of them banned.
Dude.
-What?
-Adults don't like Dave
and Buster's and no one wants
to pay $19
for chicken fingers.
-Oh, my God.
-I have some other new ideas.
-Sure.
-Alright.
So, you know, America loves
entrepreneurship and innovation.
This is just my campaign slogan.
"Hasan Minhaj 2020,
'there's only one version
of the college textbook.'"
-Thank God!
-You know how -- Yeah!
Thank God!
That's what I'm talking about!
[ Applause ]
The professor is like,
"Oh, get the sixth edition."
-Yes.
-I rewrote the appendix.
You're like, "Dude,
I'm getting the version
from my older brother."
-Yeah.
300 bucks. I'm keeping it.
-Paper straws.
It's not our responsibility
to fix climate change, okay?
-What?
-No.
-What are you talking --
-The paper straw --
It always collapses,
like it's a levy
and I'm like, no.
Twizzler straws.
[ Laughter ]
They're biodegradable
and they're delicious.
Twizzler straws.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Okay.
-I love it.
-Now, let me
give you one thing.
-Okay.
-Now, Jimmy, right now
it's starting to heat up
in the political cycle, right?
-Yes, yes.
-All the major candidates
are trying reaching out
to minorities.
It's pander season, baby.
You're going to see them
dabbing,
speaking Spanish for no reason.
-Sure.
-They're going to come
on the show and,
like, come out
with the Mariachi band with you.
-Yeah.
[ Laughter ]
-For immigrants we really have
one main issue -- immigration.
Okay?
-Yeah.
-So, Hasan Minhaj 2020:
"I'll let one of
your cousins in."
[ Laughter ]
I'll give you one person.
You get one person.
[ Cheers and applause ]
-Hasan Minhaj, everybody.
Catch new episodes of "Patriot
Act" every Sunday on Netflix.
We'll be right back
with Charlie Puth.
Dude, you run the show.
Hasan Minhaj!